---ENGLISH---

I want to develop a software to register condominiums used for civil use and which allows us to control and manage the automation of their thermal plants. A thermal plant is an area of a building dedicated to containing all those useful or indispensable elements for providing hot water and air conditioning to a home.
Automation is the process that allows these elements to be managed and piloted automatically, for example through software.

This software could be useful for various companies that operate in this sector.

Functional requirements:

     -  We want to record the main data of each condominium such as address, name (optional), number of apartments and data
        of the administrator.

     -  Given that each condominium can own multiple thermal plants, similarly to the previous point, each thermal plant must
        record its address and the various elements it may possess, such as: one or more boilers, one or more circulators (the pumps that flows 
        the water in the plumbing system), one or more mixing valves (that regulate the water temperature by mixing hot water and cold water), 
        one more boiler (they are hot water accumulators for sanitary use).

     -  Each element of the boiler room has a brand and a product code that the application must keep track of.

     -  The elements of a thermal plant can follow a time schedule ("timer") in which the user chooses the day and time of switching them on or off 
        (it is possible to set multiple switching on and off on every single day of the week) and chooses the temperature that the previously
        mentioned parts of the system must reach. This desired temperature is called "setpoint".

     -  Finally, the software must provide a mechanism to turn off every element of the thermal plant immediately. This feature is very useful in
        case of problems. There must also be the possibility of activating manual mode. If this mode is active, it is not the timers that
        control the thermal plant components but it is the user who can turn anything on or off.

Non-functional requirements:

     -  The software must have good performance.


---ITALIANO---

Si desidera sviluppare un software per registrare i condomini adibiti a uso civile e che consenta di controllare e gestire l'automazione delle loro centrali termiche. Una centrale termica è una zona di un edificio dedicata a contenere tutti quegli elementi utili e/o indispensabili per fornire acqua calda e climatizzazione a un'abitazione.
L'automazione è quel processo che consente di gestire e pilotare automaticamente, ad esempio tramite software, questi elementi.

Questo software potrebbe essere utile per diverse aziende che operano nel settore.

Requisiti funzionali:

    -   Si desidera registrare i dati principali di ogni condominio come indirizzo, nome (opzionale), numero di appartamenti e dati
        dell'amministratore.

    -   Dato che ogni condominio può possedere più centrali termiche, in modo analogo al punto precedente, di ogni centrale termica si devono
        registrare l'indirizzo e i vari elementi che eventualmente possiede, come: una o più caldaie, uno o più circolatori (le pompe che fanno
        girare l'acqua nell'impianto idraulico), una o più valvole miscelatrici (regolano la temperatura dell'acqua tramite miscelazione tra acqua
        calda e acqua fredda), uno più boiler (sono degli accumulatori di acqua calda ad uso sanitario).

    -   Ogni elemento della centrale termica ha una marca e un codice prodotto di cui l'applicazione deve tenere traccia.

    -   Gli elementi di una centrale termica possono seguire una programmazione oraria in cui l'utente sceglie il giorno e l'ora di 
        accensione/regolazione e spegnimento (è possibile impostare più accensioni e spegnimenti in ogni singolo giorno della settimana) e 
        sceglie la temperatura che le parti di impianto prima citate devono raggiungere. Questa temperatura desiderata è chiamata "setpoint".

    -   Infine, il software deve mettere a disposizione un meccanismo per spegnere ogni elemento della centrale immediatamente. Questa funzionalità
        è molto utile in caso di problemi.
        Deve essere presente anche la possibiltà di attivare la modalità manuale. Se questa modaltà è attiva, non sono i timer a gestire 
        la centrale ma è l'utente che può accendere o spegnere qualsiasi cosa a suo piacimento.

Requisiti non funzionali:

    -   Il software dovrà avere delle buone performance.
